shortcuts.md, before:

 General Shortcuts:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Shortcuts page                | ?                         |
| Refresh view                  | r                         |

 Navigation Shortcuts:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Move to previous              | k or up                   |
| Move to next                  | j or down                 |
| Expand directory              | l or right                |
| Collapse directory            | h or left                 |
| Toggle expand/collapse        | o                         |
| Go to parent directory        | backspace                 |
| Go to first                   | super+up or ctrl+home     |
| Go to last                    | super+down or ctrl+end    |
| Jump to                       | /                         |
| Go to directory               | g                         |
| Quick jump to directory       | p                         |
| Find in files                 | s                         |
| Toggle mark                   | m                         |
| Toggle mark and move down     | shift+down                |
| Toggle mark and move up       | shift+up                  |
| Toggle all marks              | t                         |
| Unmark all                    | u                         |
| Mark by extension             | *                         |

 Action Shortcuts:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Rename                        | R                         |
| Delete to trash               | D                         |
| Delete (permanently)          | alt+shift+d               |
| Create directory              | cd, enter                 |
| Create directory and open it  | cd, super+enter           |
| Create file                   | cf, enter                 |
| Create file and open it       | cf, super+enter           |
| Create/Edit/Remove jump point | P                         |
| Toggle hidden files           | H                         |
| Open in Finder/Explorer       | \                         |
| Open in new window            | W                         |
| Open file in another group    | enter                     |
| Open all marked items         | super+enter or ctrl+enter |
| Open file in preview          | shift+enter               |
| (a.k.a transient) mode        |                           |
| Toggle add folder to project  | f                         |
| Set current folder as         | F                         |
| only one for the project      |                           |
| Quicklook for Mac or open in  | space                     |
| default app on other OSs      |                           |

 In Rename Mode:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Apply changes                 | enter                     |
| Discard changes               | escape                    |

Commit message:

added copy/paste/cut shortcuts to shortcuts page

shortcuts.md, after:

 General Shortcuts:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Shortcuts page                | ?                         |
| Refresh view                  | r                         |

 Navigation Shortcuts:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Move to previous              | k or up                   |
| Move to next                  | j or down                 |
| Expand directory              | l or right                |
| Collapse directory            | h or left                 |
| Toggle expand/collapse        | o                         |
| Go to parent directory        | backspace                 |
| Go to first                   | super+up or ctrl+home     |
| Go to last                    | super+down or ctrl+end    |
| Jump to                       | /                         |
| Go to directory               | g                         |
| Quick jump to directory       | p                         |
| Find in files                 | s                         |
| Toggle mark                   | m                         |
| Toggle mark and move down     | shift+down                |
| Toggle mark and move up       | shift+up                  |
| Toggle all marks              | t                         |
| Unmark all                    | u                         |
| Mark by extension             | *                         |

 Action Shortcuts:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Copy                          | super+c or ctrl+c         |
| Cut                           | super+x or ctrl+x         |
| Paste                         | super+v or ctrl+v         |
| Rename                        | R                         |
| Delete to trash               | D                         |
| Delete (permanently)          | alt+shift+d               |
| Create directory              | cd, enter                 |
| Create directory and open it  | cd, super+enter           |
| Create file                   | cf, enter                 |
| Create file and open it       | cf, super+enter           |
| Create/Edit/Remove jump point | P                         |
| Toggle hidden files           | H                         |
| Open in Finder/Explorer       | \                         |
| Open in new window            | W                         |
| Open file in another group    | enter                     |
| Open all marked items         | super+enter or ctrl+enter |
| Open file in preview          | shift+enter               |
| (a.k.a transient) mode        |                           |
| Toggle add folder to project  | f                         |
| Set current folder as         | F                         |
| only one for the project      |                           |
| Quicklook for Mac or open in  | space                     |
| default app on other OSs      |                           |

 In Rename Mode:
:            Command            :          Shortcut         :
| Apply changes                 | enter                     |
| Discard changes               | escape                    |
